Welcome to "Title 38 and Hybrid Title 38 Employees."
This module will provide you with a foundational
understanding of some of the articles that are included in
the 2017 Master Agreement by and between the Department of
Veterans Affairs, or VA, and the National Association of
Government Employees, or NAGE.
The nine articles covered in this module are listed on the screen.
These articles are primarily concerned with how Hybrid Title
38 Employees differ from pure Title 38 Employees and aspects
of employment for pure Title 38 Employees that include work
assignments, proficiencies, pay, review boards, and advancement.
After completing this module, you will be better prepared to
effectively interpret these articles as they were intended
originally and avoid creating your own intent.
You will then feel more confident in following and
complying with the articles when using them in the field.